Please refer to the advertiser and publisher content guidelines (which
are incorporated herein by reference) for information regarding
acceptable use of content.

PLEASE READ THIS USER AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE
SERVICES OFFERED BY ADMOB GOOGLE INC. ("COMPANY"). BY CLICKING THE
"SUBMIT" BOX, YOU AGREE TO BECOME BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK ON THE "CANCEL" BUTTON AND YOU WILL NOT HAVE ANY
RIGHT TO USE THE SERVICES OFFERED BY COMPANY. COMPANY'S ACCEPTANCE IS
EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS; IF THESE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER BY COMPANY, ACCEPTANCE IS
EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS.

The Web pages available at www.admob.com, and all linked pages unless
indicated otherwise ("Site"), are owned and operated by Company, and are
accessed by you ("User") under the following terms and conditions:
ACCESS TO THE SERVICES. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Company may offer to provide certain services that relate to
facilitating the purchase and sale of mobile advertisements by bringing
together mobile advertisers and publishers, as described more fully on
the Site, and which are selected by User through the process provided on
the Site ("Services"). Company may change, suspend or discontinue the
Services (or User's access thereto) at any time, including the
availability of any feature, advertisement, publisher or Content,
without notice or liability. Company reserves the right, at its
discretion, to refuse to allow access to the Services to any User at any
time. Company also reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify this
Agreement at any time by posting a notice on the Site, or by sending
User a notice via email or postal mail. Use of the Services by User
following such notification constitutes User's acceptance of the
modified terms and conditions. User certifies to Company that if User is
an individual (i.e., not a corporation) User is at least 18 years of
age. User also certifies that it is legally permitted to use the
Services and access the Site, and takes full responsibility for the
selection and use of the Services. This Agreement is void where
prohibited by law, and the right to access the Site is revoked in such
jurisdictions.

RESTRICTIONS. User (whether a publisher, advertiser or otherwise)
warrants, represents and agrees that it will not contribute, submit or
make available through the Services, or use the Services in connection
with, any Content that is infringing, libelous, defamatory, obscene,
pornographic, abusive, offensive or otherwise violates any law or right
of any third party. If User is a publisher, User shall not, and shall
not authorize or encourage any third party to generate fraudulent
impressions of or fraudulent clicks on any advertisement, including but
not limited to, through repeated manual clicks, the use of robots or
other automated query tools and/or computer generated search requests,
and/or the fraudulent use of other search engine optimization services
and/or software. Company reserves the right to remove any Content from
the Site at any time, or to terminate User's right to use the Services
or access the Site, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon
receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities
relating to such Content or if Company is concerned that User may have
breached the terms of this paragraph), or for no reason at all, subject
to the provisions of paragraph 13 ("Termination"). User is responsible
for all of its activity in connection with the Services and accessing
the Site. User may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or
transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to
obtain password, account, or private information from any Company user.
User shall not use any part of the Site or Services to violate the
security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption
codes, transfer or store material that is deemed threatening or obscene,
or engage in any kind of illegal activity. User will not run Maillist,
Listserv, any form of auto-responder, or "spam" on the Site or Services,
or any processes that run or are activated while the User is not logged
in.

IMPLEMENTATION. Users who are publishers may list assets including but
not limited to mobile sites, applications, and device platforms ("Mobile
Properties") and make them available for advertisement. Users who are
publishers hereby grant Company the right to access, index, store and
cache requests made from User's Mobile Property to the Service,
including by automated means. Users who are advertisers may produce
content including but not limited to text links, banners, videos, and
graphics ("Advertisements") for display on a publisher's Mobile
Property. User agrees to comply with the technical specifications
provided by Company to enable proper display of the Advertisements in
connection with the Services.

COMMUNICATIONS SOLELY WITH COMPANY. User agrees to direct to Company and
not to any advertiser or publisher, as the case may be, all
communications regarding any matter arising out of User's use of the
Services.

CONTENT
All materials displayed or performed on or accessible through the Site
or Services (including, but not limited to text, graphics, articles,
photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, also
known as the "Content") are protected by copyright. The term "Content"
as used herein specifically includes any advertising or other content
made available or submitted by any advertiser and any website or other
content published by or associated with any publisher. User shall abide
by all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any
Content accessed in connection with the Services.

User acknowledges and agrees that if User uses any of the Services to
contribute or make available Content, Company is hereby granted a
non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable right to fully
exploit such Content (including all related intellectual property
rights) and to allow others to do so in connection with the Services and
the Site. To the extent allowed by law, the foregoing includes all
rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other
rights that may be known as or referred to as "Moral Rights." To the
extent User retains any such Moral Rights under applicable law, User
hereby ratifies and consents to any action that may be taken with
respect to such moral rights by Company and agrees not to assert any
Moral Rights with respect thereto.

DISCLAIMERS
User acknowledges and agrees that Company has no special relationship
with or fiduciary duty to User and that Company has no control over, and
no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the
Site or Services; what Content User accesses or receives via the Site or
Services; what Content other Users may make available, publish or
promote in connection with the Services; what effects any Content may
have on User or its users or customers; how User or its users or
customers may interpret, view or use the Content; what actions User or
its users or customers may take as a result of having been exposed to
the Content, or whether Content is being displayed properly in
connection with the Services.

Further, (i) if User is a publisher, User specifically acknowledges and
agrees that Company has no control over (and is merely a passive conduit
with respect to) any Content that may be submitted or published by any
advertiser, and that User is solely responsible (and assumes all
liability and risk) for determining whether or not such Content is
appropriate or acceptable to User, and (ii) if User is an advertiser,
User specifically acknowledges and agrees that Company has no control
over any Content that may be available or published on any publisher
website (or otherwise), and that User is solely responsible (and assumes
all liability and risk) for determining whether or not such Content is
appropriate or acceptable to User.

User releases Company from all liability in any way relating to User's
acquisition (or failure to acquire), provision, use or other activity
with respect to Content in connection with the Site or Services. The
Site may contain, or direct User to sites containing, information that
some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Company makes no
representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through
the Site or Services, and Company will not be responsible or liable for
the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material
contained in or accessed through the Site or Services. Company makes no
guarantee regarding the level of impressions of or clicks on any
Advertisement, or the timing of delivery of such impressions and/or
clicks.

THE SERVICES, CONTENT AND SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THE
RESULTS OF USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE
RESULTS OF ANY ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN, AND USER ASSUMES ALL RISK AND
RESPONSIBILITY WITH RESPECT THERETO. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW
LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO USER.

Electronic Communications Privacy Act Notice (18 USC 2701-2711): COMPANY
MAKES NO GUARANTY OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR PRIVACY OF ANY COMMUNICATION OR
INFORMATION TRANSMITTED ON THE SITE OR ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THE SITE OR
THROUGH ANY USE OF THE SERVICES. Company will not be liable for the
privacy of e-mail addresses, phone or communication device numbers,
registration and identification information, disk space, communications,
confidential or trade-secret information, or any other Content stored on
its equipment and transmitted over networks accessed by the Site, or
otherwise connected with User's use of the Site or Services.

REGISTRATION AND SECURITY. As a condition to using Services, User may be
required to register with Company and select a password and enter User's
email address ("Company User ID"). User shall provide Company with
accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do
so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in
immediate termination of User's account. User may not (i) select or use
as a Company User ID a name of another person with the intent to
impersonate that person; (ii) use as a Company User ID a name subject to
any rights of a person other than User without appropriate
authorization. Company reserves the right to refuse registration of, or
cancel a Company User ID in its discretion. User shall be responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of User's Company password.

EQUIPMENT AND ANCILLARY SERVICES. User shall be responsible for
obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to
connect to, access the Site or otherwise use the Services, including,
without limitation, hardware devices, software, and other Internet,
wireless, broadband, phone or other communication device connection
services. User shall be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or
ancillary services are compatible with the Site and any Services and
User shall be responsible for all charges incurred in connection with
all such equipment and ancillary services, including any fees charged
for airtime usage and/or sending and receiving messages or related
notifications.

INDEMNITY. User will indemnify and hold Company, its parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless, including
costs and attorneys' fees, from any claim or demand made by any third
party due to or arising out of User's access to the Site, use of the
Services, the violation of this Agreement by User, or the infringement
by User, or any third party using the User's account, of any
intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE WITH
RESPECT TO THE SITE OR THE SERVICES (I) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE
IN EXCESS OF THE NET AMOUNT PAID BY COMPANY TO USER DURING THE THREE
MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF THE RELEVANT CLAIM; OR
(II) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND WHATSOEVER. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO USER.

FEES AND PAYMENT. Some of the Services require payment of fees. Company
reserves the right to change its price list and to institute new charges
at any time, upon prior notice to User, which may be sent by email or
posted on the Site. If User is an advertiser, User shall pre-pay all
applicable fees, as described on the Site, in connection with such
Services selected by User. If User is a publisher, User shall receive a
percentage of the Net Revenue of Advertisements associated with User's
use of the Services as solely determined by Company. "Net Revenue" shall
mean revenues actually received by AdMob from the sale, use or other
disposition of Advertisements displayed on Publisher's Mobile Property
less sales, use and excise taxes, less any agency commissions, carrier
and/or partner fees, and less any allowances actually made or taken for
returns, cash discounts or promotional allowances but excluding other
revenues indirectly earned, if applicable, for consulting, planning and
targeting, copywriting, site building, account management or technical
modifications or technical innovations which may be charged by AdMob to
third parties from time to time. The portion of Net Revenue received by
User shall be determined on the first Monday of each calendar month, on
which day those revenues accrued to User's account thirty (30) or more
days earlier shall become eligible to be paid. Payments to User shall be
sent by Company only if User's earned balance is greater than or equal
to $20USD (Twenty Dollars, US). If User's earned balance is less than
$20USD, no check shall be sent until the following calendar month, on
the first Monday of which Company shall make the aforesaid determination
anew. In addition, if User is a publisher, User agrees that any payments
that may become due to User (as described on the Site) are specifically
conditioned upon Company's receipt of full payment from the applicable
advertiser. If Company does not receive the applicable payment in full
from any such advertiser, Company shall have no liability or
responsibility to User (and User hereby releases Company) with respect
thereto. If User disputes any payment made in connection with the
Services, User must notify Company in writing within thirty (30) days of
any such payment. Failure to so notify Company shall result in the
waiver by User of any claims related to such disputed payment. Payment
shall be calculated solely based on records maintained by Company. No
other measurements or statistics of any kind shall be accepted by
Company or have any effect under this Agreement. Company shall not be
liable for any payment based on (i) any fraudulent impressions generated
by any person, robot, automated program or similar device or for
fraudulent impressions similarly generated on any advertisements, as
reasonably determined by Company; (ii) impressions commingled with a
significant number of fraudulent impressions or fraudulent clicks
described in (i) above; or (iii) any breach of this Agreement by User.
To ensure proper payment, User is solely responsible for providing and
maintaining accurate contact and payment information associated with
User's account and Company User ID. User agrees to pay all applicable
taxes or charges imposed by any government entity in connection with
User's use of the Services.

OTHER POLICIES.
In the course of using the Site or Services, User may be asked to
provide certain personally identifiable information to Company (such
information referred to hereinafter as "User Information"). Company's
information collection and use policies with respect to such User
Information are set forth in the Site's Privacy Policy which is
incorporated herein by reference for all purposes. User acknowledges and
agrees that User is solely responsible for the accuracy and content of
its User Information. Company cannot and does not guarantee the security
of any of the User Information that a User transmits online.

Users who believe that material or Content residing on or accessible
through the Site or Services infringes a copyright should review the
Site's Copyright Dispute Policy.

YOUR PRIVACY POLICY. If User is a publisher, User will have and abide by
a privacy policy that discloses that third parties may be using cookies,
web beacons, and other technologies to collect information as a result
of ad serving through User’s Mobile Properties. If User collects,
processes, or discloses location-based information in connection with
the Services, User must follow a legal and appropriate method for
obtaining explicit consent from User’s end users and make appropriate
disclosures in User’s privacy policy.

TERMINATION. Either party may terminate the Services at any time by
notifying the other party by any means. Company may also terminate or
suspend any and all Services and access to the Site immediately, without
prior notice or liability, if User breaches any of the terms or
conditions of this Agreement. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable
and non-cancelable. Upon termination of the User's account, User's right
to use the Services will immediately cease and User will remove all
Company code from User's Mobile Properties. All provisions of this
Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive
termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions,
warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. If User is a publisher, User represents
and warrants to Company that (i) User is the owner of each Mobile
Property User designates in connection with the use of Services or that
User is legally authorized to act on behalf of the owner of such Mobile
Property for the purposes of this Agreement, and (ii) User has all
necessary right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
perform the acts required of User hereunder. User further represents and
warrants to Company that each of User's Mobile Properties and any
material displayed therein: (a) comply with all applicable laws,
statutes, ordinances and regulations; (b) do not breach and have not
breached any duty toward or rights of any person or entity including,
without limitation, rights of intellectual property, publicity or
privacy, or rights or duties under consumer protection, product
liability, tort, or contract theories; and (c) are not hate-related in
content. If User is an advertiser, User represents and warrants to
Company that (i) User is the owner of each Advertisement User designates
in connection with the use of Services or that User is legally
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of such Advertisement for the
purposes of this Agreement, and (ii) User has all necessary right, power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts
required of User hereunder. User further represents and warrants to
Company that each of User's Advertisements and any material displayed
therein: (a) comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and
regulations; (b) do not breach and have not breached any duty toward or
rights of any person or entity including, without limitation, rights of
intellectual property, publicity or privacy, or rights or duties under
consumer protection, product liability, tort, or contract theories; (c)
are not hate-related in content and (d) are free from viruses and any
other contaminants of any nature whatsoever.

MISCELLANEOUS. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect
any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any
further rights hereunder. Company shall not be liable for any failure to
perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any
cause beyond Company's reasonable control. If any provision of this
Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall
be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this
Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and
enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or
sublicensable by User except with Company's prior written consent. This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the state of California without regard to the conflict of laws
provisions thereof. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the
complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the
parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral
agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the
subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in
a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.
In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and any document
incorporated herein by reference, this Agreement shall govern. No
agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result
of this Agreement and User does not have any authority of any kind to
bind Company in any respect whatsoever.

© 2005-2012 AdMob Google Inc
